that's not what I met you Barney oh man
woo good man now you're supposed to
explode into a million pieces
I'm glad because the party wait for the
bomb
look I
three two I guess we
squidward
in honor of employee Brotherhood I
present to you a gift now pay attention
the lads got a surprise for you okay
here it is mr. Krabs fresh from the oven
mr. Krabs are you okay I heard
um okay I'll try
not yet I got to make sure you did it
right wait a second this would
wait and we were just kidding about all
that bomb stuff and that'll be 25 bucks
please so what flavor here's your water
sir Thanks
we should be able to finish by January
Oh
not like jokes hey squid knock knock
who's there
all right
do you love it it's a little itchy
what's this thing made up
gasps
just smell it if I didn't want it out
there what makes you think I find it
more appealing and